Real quick,
let's go make pet look a little bit nicer.
Pet.jsx, all right, so
just delete all of this
Let's replace props up here with name,
animal, breed, images, location, ID.
We're gonna have a hero image.
So, let hero=http://
pets-images.dev-apis.
To the
dev-apis.com/pets/none.jpg.
And then if images.length,
then hero is images 0
Okay, and then down here in
delete all of this markup,
a href =, we're gonna make a details
page here in a little bit so details/id.
ClassName=pet.
Div className=image-container.
And then this is gonna be an image,
sec = (hero) alt is assigned name.
They're gonna have div className=info.
h1 of the name.
And h2, we're just gonna give it like
a little like info thing here so,
There's a bunch of ways to do this.
You could totally do
this with like animal.
Breed.
Location or you can do it with a template
string like I have in my notes both of
them work just fine.
Yeah, VS Code will always
warn you when you do dashes.
Do you know what dashes is?
It's like a longer dash.
That's what this yellow outline is.
If I just put like a minus sign there,
then it's fine.
For us to have it there if I'm doing text,
you're supposed to do an dash and
not a minus if it's text, right?
Not that it really matters.
Okay, so now we should be able
to pop back over here and
you should get like an actual
fairly nice looking page.
So, that's Luna,
that's my dog and then Bunna and
all of belong to front of masters staff.
And then Sudo and
Beam belong to Sarah Dresner.
And then the rest are just
random stock images.
>> So, Sudo get me a beer actually works.
>> It does.
And Beam is named after the Erlang VM.
Yeah, Sarah has nerdy dogs.
They are sweethearts though,
I really do like Sarah's dogs.
Luna however, it's a tiny jerk.
This was just stylistic, I mean,
the only thing here that might be
interesting to you is like we're doing
like a default image here, right?
Think if I refresh this, then it just has
like a little placeholder image, right?
So, if one of these animals came back
without an image that you'd have,
like a nice little placeholder.
That's the point of that.
We don't have a good loading
experience right now.
Basically, it's just like right now our
API is fast enough that it doesn't matter.
But imagine if we had 10 million web
users on the website for some reason.
This would slow to a crawl and they'd
have like some really bad experience.
Or even if we're like here, let's just
put it on like slow 3G for a second.
This is kind of painful, right?
Not rendered, no pets found.
And then eventually it shows up, right?
Not great,
it'd be much better if we had some sort
of loading kind of hydration going on.
We'll get there.
But for now, we're still working through
just getting the information there at all.
Yeah.
>> Does Sudo have admin privileges?
>> No.
And we've informed
the admin of your request.
>> [LAUGH]
>> That's a dumb unix joke for you.
Which by the way, if you wanna get that
joke, there's a course on front and
masters from yours truly about Linux and
the CLI.
And I do make that joke in there.
We are up to 07 component composition.
The lesson that I wanted you to take away
from here is where components are getting
really big and
start doing a lot of things,
just break it down into
smaller components.
Even if you're not reusing
those components, totally fine.
For example, we're not gonna do it in this
class, but this could be like a good like
stretch goal for
you once you're beyond this class.
It'd be a good idea to move this
form into its own component.
And so that search params would be div and
then it'd be like form and
then results, and then all it
did was Marshall stayed around.
It would be a much cleaner
implementation of this.
There's kind of the background thread that
I want running in your brain when you're
writing react is like, can I break
this down into more succinct parts?
Now, you can go totally
the opposite direction and
have way too many components,
also a bad idea.
One, when you start getting like thousands
of components that are like building onto
each other, it gets really slow.
So, that actually is a real performance
concern and it gets nonsensical of like,
okay tiny thing makes slightly, less tiny
thing that makes slightly less tiny thing.
You can get lost in the interaction.
So, please just balance it, and that
just comes from doing it and experience.
But if all of your components like
10 lines, you're doing too much
decomposition build your things back
up into bigger more macro parts.